Ye Xiaolong bound Gao Yulin
If you dare to touch him
I don't mind who hums
I'm afraid you're not qualified enough
I don't know if Senior Yama is qualified enough
Fang Jiayi, I really underestimated your Fang family.
You can even invite Senior Yama over
But is it your Fang family?
Don't you want the contract connecting to Tianyao Shi?
Fang Jiayi, as long as you don't interfere in this matter
I will put the contract between Tongtian Yaoshi and Zhongtian Group
All transferred to your Fang family
Otherwise, your Fangshi Group
Don't try to get any contract from Tongtian Pharmacist
I only need to have supper.
I don't care about the rest
Haofang Jiayi
For a waste
You don't even want the contract of Tengtian Yaoshi
You are cruel
But there's no way it's going to end with my son
We'll see.
Go wait
Come when you want
Go if you want
What do you consider this place?
How else do you want to use it?
That guy hit my wife's bodyguard
You have to leave something behind to go.